# BACS
BACS Consortium Quality Lessons Learned Information System
by Michael Joseph S. Mangulabnan

The BACS Consortium Quality Lessons Learned Information System is an online solution to submit and review new Quality Lessons Learned (LL) documents as well as import previous Quality LL documents in the organization. The system’s theoretical framework follows Incremental Systems Development Methodology and uses technologies such as PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor (PHP), Hypertext Markup Language (HTML), Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), Bootstrap, JavaScript and MySQL. It was hosted online using Amazon Web Services (AWS) and XAMPP. Direct conversion was implemented to replace the existing LL process in the organization. The new information system caters to all BACS Consortium employees with access to the organization’s internal network system. Majority of BACS Consortium employees are given LL User accounts allowing them to create and submit new Quality LL documents. LL Reviewer accounts are given to BACS Quality Department personnel and are tasked to review submitted LL documents. They can approve, reject or roll back the submitted LL documents in the system. System administrators were given LL Administrator accounts and are responsible in managing the overall system from creating, disabling and enabling user accounts to importing previous Quality LL documents, and generating customized reports. 

This is an Information System Capstone Project for the Masters in Information Systems program of the Faculty of Information and Communications Studies (FICS),  University of the Philippines Open University (UPOU).
